
Capstone Project IV

	* Modification of cappstone project III
	
Modification plan:
Phase I - defining functions

1) Modify the user registration program option into a function called 'reg_user'.									completed
2) Modify the add task program option into a function called 'add_task'.										completed
3) Modify the view all tasks program option into a function called 'view_all'.										completed
4) Modify the view my tasks program option into a function called 'view_mine'.										completed

Phase II - additions to 'reg_user' function

	* The user should not be able to use a registered user name.

1) Function needs to read the data from 'user.txt'.													completed														
2) New username needs to be checked with all registered user names.											completed
3) If new username is the same as any if the registered usernames print error message.									completed
4) Run this feature in a loop to allow the user to try again.												completed

Phase III - additions to 'view_mine' function

	* Adding more functionality to this feature allowing user to edit specific tasks.
	
1) Tasks need to be enumerated for an added task calling feature.											completed
2) Add another input layer that allows user to call a task based on enumerated number.									
3) User should get two option on called task.
	i) Mark task as complete in which case the 'tasks.txt' file needs to be updated to status 'Yes'.						completed
	ii) Edit task to allow user to change who the task is assigned to or the due date.								completed
	iii) Task edit feature should only be available if task status is 'No'.										completed

Phase IV - add new menu option

	* New option to menu to generate reports.
	
1) New menu option should read 'gr - generate reports'

Phase V - 'generate reports' functionality

1) Selecting this option should trigger functions in the program to create two files:
   'task_overview.txt' and task 'user_overview.txt'.

	Program should write the following data to 'task_overview.txt':
	i) Total number of tasks that have been generated with the 'task_manager.py' program.
	ii) Total number of completed tasks in 'tasks.txt'.
	iii) Total number of uncompleted tasks in 'tasks.txt'.
	iv) Total number of overdue tasks in 'tasks.txt'.
	v) The percentage of tasks that are incomplete in 'tasks.txt'.
	vi) The percentage of tasks that are overdue in 'tasks.txt'.
	
	Program should write the following data to 'user_overview.txt':
	i) The total number of users currently registered with the 'task_manager.py' program.
	ii) Total number of tasks that have been generated with the 'task_manager.py' program.
	iv) For each registered user the following needs to be written to file:
		a) Total tasks assigned to user.
		b) Percentage of total live tasks assigned to user.
		c) Percentage of user tasks completed.
		d) Percentage of user tasks uncompleted.
		e) Percentage of user tasks overdue.

2) All data written to both files needs to be output in easy to read manner on screen.

Phase VI - modifications to statistics feature

1) Rename the menu selection text to 'ds - display statistics'.
2) Read and output data from 'task_overview.txt' and 'user_overview.txt'.
3) If these files do not exist call the functions to generate the reports first.


   